everyone was just like screwed man I was
trying to do like what we've been doing
in the past isn't really working and
everyone I think just started trusting
what each other says a lot more the
seventh week of na LCS I'm joined right
now by Akkadian as optic is once more
triumphant a five game win streak for
the team who struggled a little bit in
spring split I would say coverage of
course brought to you by Omni slash so
Kaden you have been I know over the year
over the year you put out a couple
different vlogs sort of talking about
how much it sucks to lose and
you're finally winning so what what is
this experience like a you starting to
feel like it was all kind of worth it or
what's going on with you I would say
it's some someone's to do feel pretty
good I think it's just mostly the games
where we win and I felt like I did a lot
for the team where I played pretty well
in my own right I still definitely like
even though we win if I play poorly I'm
pretty frustrated about that like I
think today's game I didn't play very
well I made a lot of mistakes session I
made but I don't know it's just like you
don't you don't feel like it wasn't you
don't feel like it was all for nothing
like our training if it was for nothing
you know when you're getting wins at the
end of the week so
that's it feels much better I think I
was watching and the analyst tusks after
your guys's game they had so low on
there and they were joking with so low
that watching optic kind of feels like
clutch and springs to play where it's
like well they're there waiting these
games it doesn't feel like there's like
this one crazy thing that's leading them
in this direction but but they seem to
consistently be able to do it so they
they seem to be unable to sort of pin
down what it is that's allowing optic to
win what is it in your mind
sort of the secret sauce for these wins
the past couple weeks
hmm I think that we we hit a point where
during the reef rivals week of training
and stuff like that we had a point where
everyone was just kind of like so
practice is going really bad I'll say
this was going really bad it was just
really really horrible I think we were
getting like 0-6 by every team in scrims
or something for like a week or
something and I think it hit a point
where we finally everyone was just like
screwed man I was trying to do like what
we've been doing in the past isn't
really working and everyone I
think just started trusting what each
other says a lot more in the games and
just trying to like help each other out
more so like if if you know Dhokla gets
behind or something like that or he
starts having a really hard game we try
to find ways to like help him out
instead of just like oh well you've you
messed up you know like you deserve to
like lose like this or something like
that but I don't know I think I think a
big part of is we were all just at a
very low point and I don't know even the
game today like it was it was kind of
close for sure if like West had the
upper hand for some part of it and it
was just like good calls and everyone
trusted each other I'm like what we were
trying to do in our place so yeah I I've
talked to a lot of teams before that
have had this where like they were
losing losing and then they suddenly had
this win and it all oftentimes they say
it was a single moment kind of reminds
me of what you were saying with rift
rivals was there a moment where
sometimes it's literally just everyone
screams at each other for an hour and
then it's just somehow it like restarts
the process I don't know if there was
like one conversation or if it was just
over a couple of days you guys decided
to restart what was that well I think
for us we actually did some roster
changes in scrims we started playing
with different players I'm not gonna say
who and just started like fate switching
switching stuff up because obviously you
know when you're losing and also your
team's going 0 6 all the time you need
to like not keep doing the same thing or
else you can expect the same results so
we switched up a little bit of things in
practice tried some different things to
try to find stuff that was working and I
mean even though you didn't see like the
current roster change I think the way we
way that we think about like the way
they think about drafts the way we think
about the game the way like how much
ever we put into scream stuff like that
I think definitely changed so I don't
think it's like one single argument or
anything like that I think our team
generally as people is everyone's
everyone's pretty nice we don't but I
think another thing with that is we
don't really
we don't really back down from like if I
think something there's an issue or
something I'll just say it outright like
I'll say my feeling is this and this
happens consistently right and then you
know you just have like more of an open
conversation so I think that's what
happened you you say your name is penis
pretty nice but power of evil as we were
walking up to here he said make sure you
hard flame him for dyeing randomly and
all the stuff that doesn't sound very
nice to me and also his name by the way
power of evil so it kind of goes along
with that yeah I mean if you want to you
could go watch my game or watch my game
watch my desk first like last two times
literally for the Raptors big in deaths
both of them so I deserve the flame for
sure okay so it's all about it's about
flaming only when the flame is deserved
I guess is the current optic motto yeah
yeah if you if you play bad you're gonna
get flame that's how it works it does
feel in this happen but not as like but
I was like a messed up thing you know
it's just like it's like they're gonna
yeah you're just gonna get called out
like if you make some bad mistakes you
know so yeah I I've been obviously this
is the way it is frequently with a team
that's winning or losing you know a
losing team like they come out maybe
individually or one-on-one they're all
hits it does feel like there's a lot of
camaraderie right now with flight quit
or sorry with optic you guys are all
sort of huddle up together all the guys
seem good is that are the vibes we're
turning to a really good place after
these losses
I mean wins yes after these wins sorry
attracting his flight quest lost by
walked by and I up my question no
yeah I mean definitely definitely yeah
obviously it's better like everyone's
not pissed to each other if you cuz if
you're losing a lot everyone you know
has all these issues and stuff like that
but I think that's pretty normal if
you're winning you know even if like for
example today right I play kind of bad
my team's gonna be kind of mad at me but
like I didn't lose the game off of it
like we didn't fully lose the game but
it's still like now optimal so I would
say yeah it's it's a little better than
before for sure yeah what what is
anything that you would say to any of
your fans out there who've been watching
optic start win getting maybe hype the
green wall they can come out they can
say the hashtag not get made fun of
how'd you say it's pretty fun to play
right now
I think definitely right now we have a
feeling of everyone's just trying to
trying to win together you know it
doesn't really feel like I care so much
about my jungle like my jungle position
role you know I care so much about like
doing well in the jungle role it's more
like we all just want to do what we can
to win and I think that's a big thing
that's like changed for our team at
least everyone's like willing to
sacrifice a little bit wait I mean I
know it this sounds like it probably
sounds like really cliche or BS or
something like that because a lot of
people in the past have said it too but
I really think that's how it is like you
you do need to be able to try to
sacrifice for each other like screw that
you go you know so we're good well thank
you so much Akkadian for the interview
congratulations on the five games that
you've won CLG also lost five games so I
don't know if there's some sort of thing
where if they win tomorrow you guys lose
but it'll be interesting to sort of see
how this plays out for anyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel
this is she's the woman that does all
the emails from my twitch channel and
she says she only does it for people who
were actually very popular so if you
don't sub to my channel and watch my
videos she said that she's never gonna
do any more emotes for me on twitch
channel C look she's already leaving
because I'm becoming less popular she's
looking for popular people to do emails
for her thanks so much to Omni slash but
please subscribe and go follow my twitch
channel which I also put the description
when she's gone